Review / restructure source maps content. (#3693)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/sourcemaps/upload/webpack/javascript.mdx

Sentry provides an abstraction called **Releases** which you can attach source artifacts to. The release API is intended to allow you to store source files (and source maps) within Sentry.

You can do this with the help of the `sentry-webpack-plugin`, which internally uses our Sentry CLI.

> - Start by creating a new authentication token under **[Account] > API**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Start by creating a new authentication token under **[Account] > API keys**.
```

- Ensure you have `project:write` selected under scopes.
- Install `@sentry/webpack-plugin` using `npm`
- Create `.sentryclirc` file with necessary config (see Sentry Webpack Plugin docs below)
- Update your `webpack.config.js`

```javascript
const SentryPlugin = require("@sentry/webpack-plugin");

module.exports = {
  // ... other config above ...
  plugins: [
    new SentryPlugin({
      release: process.env.RELEASE,
      include: "./dist",
    }),
  ],
};
```

> You can take a look at [Sentry Webpack Plugin documentation](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin) for more information on how to configure the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about how to configure the plugin in our [Sentry Webpack Plugin documentation](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-webpack-plugin).
```

Additionally, you’ll need to configure the client to send the `release`:

```javascript
Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  release: process.env.RELEASE,
});
```

> <Alert level="info" title="Note">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
```

> You don't _have_ to use _RELEASE_ environment variables. You can provide them in any way you want, just make sure that `release` from your upload **matches** `release` from your `init` call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You don't _have_ to use _RELEASE_ environment variables. You can provide them in any form as long as the `release` from your upload **matches** `release` from the SDK's `init` call.
```

> </Alert>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</Note>
```
